You were by my side when I needed a friend. You made me laugh. You made me dance. You told me that I would find love again… And, I understand if I have to wait for you, and I will I’ll wait. And when you’re ready for me, I will be ready for you.


The real animal is still out there. Waiting for me, challenging me to fight back to stop him. But how do I stop the monster without becoming one myself?

We choose our own path. Our values and our actions, they define who we are.

 I’m not doing so great without you. I keep trying to start over but I can’t get anywhere because I’m lost.

 For over a century, I have lived in secret. Until now I know the risk but I have to know her.
 
 The pleasure I’ll get off watching you suffer is greater than any pain I’ll ever feel.

 You don’t know what it’s like being in love with you. You know, when you and I were together, every single atom in my body told me that it was the right thing, that we were a perfect fit. And that kind of love, it can change your whole life.


 I don’t know who I am without you, but I know that as long as I’m with you, time will standstill.


 Elena is warm and kind and caring and selfless and it’s real. When I’m around her, I completely forget where I am.

 Look, we don’t know what’ll happen next to any of us. But we can’t let that haunt us. We can’t let that make us forget what we mean to one another

 When you feel the blood rush in, you tell yourself that you’re gonna get through it; that you’re strong enough. Yes, yes - no matter how good it feels to give yourself over to it, you fight it off. You bury it.

 This isn’t about what you do in her name, Damon It’s about what you do in her absence.

 It hurts me. It hurts me, knowing what I’ve done. And that pain—that pain is with me all the time. And every day I think that if I just if I just give myself over to the blood, I can make that pain stop. It would be that easy. And every day I fight that. And I am so terrified that one day I’m not going to want to fight that anymore more, Elena. And the next time I hurt somebody, it could be you.

 To beat the villain, Damon you have to be the better villain.

 I lost control today. Everything I’ve kept buried inside came rushing to the surface. I’m simply not able to resist her.

 Damon, I work for the Devil I don’t have to play fair.


 I can’t think of a better reason to die. But if you want to stay here, I’ll totally understand.


 I’m not sad I’m frickin hungry!


 Don’t torture yourself with memories from the past.


 Don’t think I’m not noticing all the good you’ve been doing. Keep it up. It means something.

 Please dance with your alcoholic vampire boyfriend.


 I don’t think Elena necessarily came into my life to be soul mate I mean, she was. We loved each other, but she was also the only person I’ve ever met who actually believed that my brother was worth loving. And she reminded me that I used to believe that about him too. Her faith in him, it brought Damon and me back together, and yeah, I loved her, more than I thought I could love somebody else, but I think in the end I needed him more than I needed her.

 That’s the thing, Damon I can’t tell you. Elena can’t tell you. You have to want to be human for yourself.

 We choose our own path. Our values and our actions, they define who we are.

 I think you were wrong about Caroline. I realize that I may not be able to explain what I feel for her, but it is something, and yeah, maybe all love isn’t true love in the messed up way that you and I have experienced it, but I think this could turn into something even better.

 It doesn’t matter if it’s good or if it’s terrible. It doesn’t matter because life isn’t about your final moments. It’s about the moments that led up to them.


 You’d be surprised how easy it is to forget the past, Elena.

 You’re my brother. I’m not gonna give up on you I never will.


 Actually, this is my happy face.

 It’s hard to tell my mind to stop loving you when my heart still does.

 New rule: You live your life, you heal, and in the meantime, we’re friends.


 All I can remember is hating you. There may have been a time when that was different, but your choices have erased anything good about you.


 You wanna let yourself get killed? That’s not heroic. That’s tragic.


 I moved on. It’s time for you to say goodbye, too.
